Review 'Window Controls Overlay'. (#8142)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/window-controls-overlay/index.md

If you remember my article [Make your PWA feel more like an app](/app-like-pwas/), you may recall
how I mentioned [customizing the title bar of your app](/app-like-pwas/#customized-title-bar) as a
strategy for creating a more app-like experience. Here is an example of how this can look
showing the macOS Podcasts app.

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/o5gZ3GSKyUZOPhFxX7js.png", alt="A macOS Podcasts app title bar showing media control buttons and metadata about the currently playing podcast.", width="800", height="63" %}
  <figcaption>

>      A custom title bar makes your PWA feel more like a O.S. app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     A custom title bar makes your PWA feel more like a platform-specific app.
```
